{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 atomt1(U,null,null) :- unat(U,X),deriv(t1,U,null,null),conc(U).\
atomt1(U,null,null) :- binat(U,X,Y),deriv(t1,U,null,null),role(U).\
\
atomt1(U,X,null) :- unat(U,X),deriv(t1,U,X1,null),conc(U).\
atomt1(U,X,null) :- binat(U,X,Y),deriv(t1,U,X1,null),role(U).\
atomt1(U,null,X) :- binat(U,Y,X),deriv(t1,U,null,X1),role(U).\
atomt1(U,X,Y) :- binat(U,X,Y),deriv(t1,U,X1,Y1),role(U).\
\
\
\
atomt2(U,null,null) :- unat(U,X),deriv(t2,U,null,null),conc(U).\
atomt2(U,null,null) :- binat(U,X,Y),deriv(t2,U,null,null),role(U).\
\
atomt2(U,X,null) :- unat(U,X),deriv(t2,U,X1,null),conc(U).\
atomt2(U,X,null) :- binat(U,X,Y),deriv(t2,U,X1,null),role(U).\
atomt2(U,null,X) :- binat(U,Y,X),deriv(t2,U,null,X1),role(U).\
atomt2(U,X,Y) :- binat(U,X,Y),deriv(t2,U,X1,Y1),role(U). \
\
query(Ut1,Ut2,Y) :- atomt1(Ut1,X,null),atomt2(Ut2,Y,X), Y != null.\
\
spe(V,U,X,Y) :- spe(V,U1,X,Y),risa(U,U1). \
spe(V,U,Y,X) :- spe(V,U1,X,Y),inv(U,U1). \
spe(V,U,X,Y) :- spe(V,U1,X,Y),cisa(U,U1),conc(U1). \
spe(V,U,X,null) :- spe(V,U1,X,null),cisa(U,U1),role(U1),conc(U). \
spe(V,A1,X,null) :- spe(V,A2,X,null), ddn(A2,A1,R),deriv(V2,R,Y,X), V != V2, nonAns(X). \
%spe(V,Y,X,null) :- spe(V,A,X,null), unat(A,Y). \
%spe(V,Y,X,null) :- spe(V,R,X,null), binat(R,Y,Z), X != null. \
%spe(V,Z,null,X) :- spe(V,R,null,X), binat(R,Y,Z), X != null. \
deriv(V,U,X,Y):-spe(V,U,X,Y). \
gen(V,U,X,Y) :- gen(V,U1,X,Y),risa(U1,U). \
%spe(V,U,X,Y) :- spe(V,U1,X,Y),inv(U,U1). \
gen(V,U1,X,Y) :- gen(V,U,X,Y),cisa(U,U1),conc(U). \
gen(V,U1,X,null) :- gen(V,U,X,null),cisa(U,U1),role(U),conc(U1). \
gen(V,A1,X,null) :- gen(V,A2,X,null), rup(A2,A1,R),deriv(V2,R,Y,X), V != V2, nonAns(X). \
gen(V,A,X,null) :- gen(V,a,X,null), unat(A,a). \
gen(V,R,X,null) :- spe(V,a,X,null), binat(R,a,b). \
gen(V,R,null,X) :- spe(V,R,null,X), binat(R,a,b). \
deriv(V,U,X,Y):-gen(V,U,X,Y). \
\
%%%%%%%% TBOX REWRITING\
\
unat(prof,X) :- Prof(X).\
unat(stud,X) :- Student(X).\
binat(th,X,Y) :-  Theaches(X,Y).\
\
Prof(an). Theaches(mary,john). Student(john).\
\
cisaT(r, stud). invT(theaches,r). role(r). conc(stud). conc(prof). role(theaches). \
cisaT(prof, theaches).\
\
unat(U2,X) :- unat(U,X), cisaT(U,U2), conc(U2) .\
unat(U2,X) :- binat(U,X,Y), cisaT(U,U2), conc(U2) .\
binat(U2, X, null) :- unat(U,X), cisaT(U,U2), role(U2).\
binat(U2,X,Y) :- binat(U,X,Y), risaT(U,U2).\
binat(U2,X,Y) :- binat(U,Y,X), invT(U,U2).\
\
query(U1,U2,X)?\
\
}